c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Shades.exe.config
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\Shades_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\Shades_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Shades.exe
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Shades.pdb
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Prism.Wpf.dll
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\bin\Debug\Prism.Wpf.xml
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\Shades.g.resources
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\Shades.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\Shades.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\Shades.exe
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\Shades.pdb
c:\users\enochw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shades\Shades\obj\Debug\Shades.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
